[Music]
in this beautiful journey of Life women
embrace the art of balancing work and
personal life with their little
imperfections which makes the story
perfect women are no strangers to
balancing multiple roles from nurturing
their careers to nurturing their
families for these remarkable women the
Journey of motherhood intertwines
seamlessly with their professional
lives a delicate balance of love
dedication and
resilience during tender maternity phase
ICICI Lombard stands as a pillar of
support ensuring every mother receives
the care and flexibility she needs to
nurture her family while staying
connected to her career ICI Lombard will
truly believe in the elements of
inclusion trust care respect fairness
and support while ensuring they are
practiced in full spirit and as these
mothers return to their professional
roles ICICI Lombard continues to walk
alongside them offering assistance
flexibility and guidance at every step
of the
way Witnesses my beautiful transitions
from being self-reliant baiting to
selfless Mama during this entire
transition is Lum took charge in
maintaining work life balances after 10
month
support I must say that I'm really
thankful to work with lumbar where I've
been given the opportunity to balance my
work life and my personal life I've been
given the facility of flexi hours where
I can manage my uh working hours I can
choose my working hours and I can work
from home have been a True Companion
during this entire Journey has his quote
says that ni and hence it's proven to be
true because at IC I I Lombard we
understand that supporting women isn't
just about policies and benefits it's
about fostering a culture of empathy and
empowerment I see I I Lombard where
every woman's journey is celebrated
cherished and uplifted
[Music]